README.md, before:


<p align="center">
  <img width=30% src="static/AutoDL-Logo.jpg">
</p>

[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Our%20Community-Slack-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/autodl/shared_invite/zt-qagxiwub-ywRM_oBvvF~F7YNtlBqy_Q)

# Auto-DL 

### Introduction
Auto-DL helps you make Deep Learning models without writing a single line of code and giving as little input as possible.

- Using the GUI, you can specify the model components and [DLMML](https://github.com/Auto-DL/DLMML) will convert it to code, in the language and framework of your choice.

- You can input the task and other abstract inputs like “data directory”, and the model architecture will also be generated by Auto-DL. It will truly be a one-click DL model development.

### To run Auto DL

1. Clone the repo

```
git clone https://github.com/Auto-DL/Generator.git
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

2. Install the requirements

```bash
pip install requirements.txt
cd FrontEndApp/v1-react
npm install
```

3. Run the application

```
python BackEndApp/manage.py runserver
cd FrontEndApp/v1-react
npm start
```

Commit message:

docs: update readme and add comments in js files (#60)
* added my code to the forked repo

* pages created and navbar added

* navbar changes

* switched to vanilla from react

* deleted react files

* landing page features added

* sample github section added

* modified home page

* demo ss and modal added to home page

* subscribe modal added, video button with ss added

* how it works' page  animation added; navbar toggler changed

* newsletter modal added after scrolling some distance

* minor changes

* moved index html

* moved index html

* minor changes

* index

* files

* routing changes for hosting

* routing changes for hosting

* Update base.js

* Update header.html

* Update header.html

* routing changes

* Update header.html

* minor changes in responsive view

* form responsive

* how it works page responsive changes

* suggestions

* page heading bg size reduced for mobile as well as large view

* community page cards added with icons

* community dark cards modified

* card colours changed

* pricing page done

* trying yaml

* working page*

* feature page card layout

* yaml read issue*

* img tags updated acc to seo rule

* features page

* .

* whats-new page UI done

* changelog.md

* changelog.md

* whatsnew page latest version color chnages

* community page layout changed

* home page yaml file done

* home page yaml file done

* home page dynamic done

* home page minor change

* added try us  successfully

* Fixed shaky containers

* community page suggestions

* dynamic content from yaml to all webpages done

* .

* icons changed

* search console meta tags added

* readme updated and comments added wherever necessary

Co-authored-by: pratik <pratikprogrammer229@gmail.com>

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
  <img width=30% src="media/logo_blackandred.png">
</p>


![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Our%20Community-Slack-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/autodl/shared_invite/zt-qagxiwub-ywRM_oBvvF~F7YNtlBqy_Q)

# Auto-DL 

### Introduction
Auto-DL helps you make Deep Learning models without writing a single line of code and giving as little input as possible.

- Using the GUI, you can specify the model components and [DLMML](https://github.com/Auto-DL/DLMML) will convert it to code, in the language and framework of your choice.

- You can input the task and other abstract inputs like “data directory”, and the model architecture will also be generated by Auto-DL. It will truly be a one-click DL model development.


## Info regrding the website code:
- `baseScripts()` in base.js: appends the head tags and the body tags (description, seo, favicon, css, other cdn links) into each html page thereby making it easier to load cdn links in every page without mentioning them in every page

- `$('header').load('header.html #reuse-head')`: load the header content which is in the `header.html` file into every html page 

- `$(window).on('load', ()=>{ $.get(...)})`: this will load the content from the yaml files into every page

- `jsyaml`: this package is used for converting the yaml content to json

- `stringToHTML()`: used for parsing html tags which are in simple text format for the DOM to recognize the html content
